
# what do I want to learn or understand better?

Maybe it would be, in relation to what I would want to understand better, think
about what I would want to un-learn and not-understand. In this reflection the
word I think of is "work". How incredibly useful it would be to get rid of our
experience, bodily, mentally, emotionally, just detach from the experience of
it. Somehow. To make a sprint on focusing on re-learning it, like if we never
heard of it. There is a video on Youtube where some guys work in the Trabant
factory, doing "quality inspection" and banging the new cars with some wooden
hammers, forming their shape to fit the standards - closing the doors without
scraping the paintwork - CHECK, NEXT. It is quite obvious when watching the
film and knowing the history of the disaster behind the experiment project they
lived through that - their real work was probably something completely
different. Maybe sitting and doing nothing because the new parts were not
shipped. Having political lectures etc. I think that the majority of work we do
is similar to those poor guys’ work at the Trabant factory. We just act in our
performance of work. Maybe it is good to get 7.5 hp at the end of the course,
maybe xx000 kronor at the end of the month in some mundane company. I feel that
it is, as I mentioned in some previous reflections, the core of good
communication, to be able to just freely, spit out the bare essence of our
thinking, otherwise it feels as, in Stalin's time, it is not about who is the
loudest when applauding, it is more about, who is the first to stop applauding.
Who will make the first mistake, everybody is watching! We work, the work
separates (un-unites) us from our co-workers, we have our goals that are
important, but we just don't have a clear vision about what we want from our
future, so as to learn to think agile, how about reinventing the wheels of
living together, sharing, making friends and doing things that makes us want to
jump and scream of joy, listen together to Beethoven and Black Sabbath, all in
the same time.

# how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Right now, getting closer to understanding better the D3 library, also my JS is
getting better so I think if someone would need help with that, I would gladly
help.

# what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

Reorganizing the JS code so that the project can be sliced more vertically. It
seems that not all are appreciating it because I did it without asking my
colleagues. I understand the point of doing things through user stories, but
having Scrum as a tool to discipline colleagues, seems a bit harsh. Doing
things besides the Scrum tool, is like a nice free gift you get gratis, who
would have something against a free hug on the street, even if it would cost us
5 seconds on the way to work. Being a bit happy? Bad? Good? Discipline, man?

# what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

Working on some bug that doesn't show the map when updating the age data.
